hey guys Mike here today I got an
unboxing of the iPod shuffle this is the
2012 model not a whole lot is new with
this but it's been a couple years since
I looked at itself I would take another
look here got some questions about it
when the iPods came out you know what's
what's going on with this so we'll talk
about that here here's the 2010 model
that reviewed two years ago not much is
different here basically what they
introduced some new colors I got this
one is the black from inside the package
here looks a very similar to Apple's the
iPhone 5 that black anodized aluminum so
let's open this up and we'll see what we
got here
another shuffle is ideal for people who
want to just they have they have a
playlist of songs they put it on here
and they want to just put it in shuffle
random mode and just play it super
lightweight good for exercising or if
you're kind of working in the yard or
anything like that because be really
lightweight alright
so very small package you can see just a
really small little cube and there it is
got another little pull tab right here
apples big um pull tabs okay that's all
that comes apart and that's what we got
here so I'm you can see it is uh you
know basically the same here as we saw
two years ago physically I see my deer
here but really just having some
different colors so these are the most
you know inexpensive of the iPod so if
you're looking to give this as a gift
maybe or again you just want to have one
maybe you can take with you on a bun if
it gets wet or whatever it's not that
big of a deal you're just buy another
one
these come with two gigs of storage so
an ample enough to put a pretty good
sized playlist on there as long as you
don't have you know lossless or anything
like that or you know you have a decent
compression on that let's see what else
we get in the package we have our little
manual here it's a start here another
pull tab and what do we got I got an
apple sticker one apple sticker with
your shuffle important you know
regulatory information and it gives you
the basic info of here how to set this
up there's some basic controls on this
you know on the top here we got this one
so the top one you have on/off and
shuffle mode and also you have a little
battery indicator and then also you have
a voiceover button
which allows you to you know do
voiceover commands a little more than
just the basic you know next stop
commands on this and all you have to do
is I press and hold it and then you'll
get the little B beep and then you'll be
able to do your voiceover command and
inside here we have our earbuds now
these have the old earbuds these aren't
gonna have the new the new ear pods that
are coming with the other iPods and also
the new iPhone 5 so you're gonna get the
old old-style with this unfortunately
Apple's not providing that so if you're
a fan of the old ones you know you can
pick one of them up with that and then
we have these sync charging cable lobe
unusual this this is the only ipod that
does not have the 30 pin and now gonna
be the lightning connector on this plugs
right into the headphone jack you plug
that in and then you can charge it up on
your computer using the USB or all
that's how you also add on your song so
you know not a whole lot to I really say
about the shuffle again this is best I
think if you want to clip this on to
your shirt or your jacket and it's a
great for when you're you know kind of
moving around it's not gonna be heavy
it's not gonna fall out of your pocket a
lot of times I'll put them here in my
pocket and then it'll spill out so
pretty cool little device here if you're
looking for just an inexpensive mp3
player that'll you know work with iTunes
and the rest of your eye environment so
again this is the 2012 model of the iPod
shuffle I guess this is Mike Smith
centigrade Mac thanks for watching